README.md, before:

# my_portfolio
Hello, my name is Raleigh Page, and I am a Senior at Eden Prairie High School. I've been taking CS classes since my Freshman year starting with AP Computer Science Principles, and continuing into my Sophomore year with AP Java. I love learning as much about programming as I can, and especially collaborating with other developers more experienced than myself. In my Junior year iOS Development class, I learned a lot about developing focused applications with clear objectives while dealing with a deadline. I also used github for the first time with a team, handling multiple branches and even using regular git through the Mac terminal to manually commit, push, and manage my projects. Cyber Security will be my last CS course at EPHS, but certainly not the least. When compared to my previous CS courses, Cyber Security has dealt more with the broad world of CS, specifically the many tribulations that come with developing for a valuable codebase. Below is a portfolio with some of the apps I worked on during my iOS Development class.

Commit message:

Updated for after 1st semester at Madison

README.md, after:

# my_portfolio
Hello, my name is Raleigh Page, and I am a Freshman at UW-Madison. 
I've taken CS classes since my Freshman year starting with AP Computer Science Principles, and continuing into my Sophomore year with AP Java. I love learning as much about programming as I can, and especially collaborating with other developers more experienced than myself. In my Junior year iOS Development class, I learned a lot about developing focused applications with clear objectives while dealing with a deadline. I also used github for the first time with a team, handling multiple branches and even using regular git through the Mac terminal to manually commit, push, and manage my projects. Cyber Security was last CS course at EPHS, but certainly not the least. When compared to my previous CS courses, Cyber Security dealt more with the broader world of CS, including the many tribulations that come with developing for a valuable codebase. 
I've just completed COMP SCI 300 here at Madison which focused on Object-Oriented Design, Data Structures, and Algorithm Analysis. It's much different from high school - adjusting to a more focused self learning environment has been a blast.
Below is a portfolio with some of the apps I worked on during my iOS Development class.
